welcome to the man of recaps Walking
Dead Season 2 starts with a group
leading the Atlanta area they find
themselves in a little traffic jam now
short-haired girl Carol's got this
daughter Sophia and want a walking herd
of zombie shows up they'll hide under
the cars to hide but Sophia is not so
lucky she gets spotted so she has to run
away Rick does go he finds her though
and he's like hey you stay here I'm
gonna go lead the zombies away so he
does that he takes care of business
cloning gets back Sophia's gone so
Daryl's like a good tracker so they go
tracking her they find this one zombie
who ate something recent Lisa they check
its stomach they decide though that it's
just like a squirrel or something so the
search party continues they find this
like church where Shane talks to Lauri
and he's like hey I'm sorry I tried to
kiss you last season but I mean I still
do want to bang you
anyway they find this deer and Carl gets
shot what it's a hunting accident all
and this hunters like oh man we got a
house over there so they go to this
farmhouse where Hershel lives and
luckily he's a doctor a veterinarian but
it's close enough anyway back on the
highway tdawg had cut himself so he's
got some blood poisoning now needs
antibiotics
luckily Darryl's brother Merle the guy
who got left on the roof he had a bunch
of Chlamydia meds and I guess those work
just as well
anyway they need more medical stuff for
Carl's operations so they send Shane and
the hunter down to the school to get
some but it's overrun by zombies and
they managed to sneak in and get some
medical stuff but on the way out they're
being chased and shames like huh sorry
bro
shoots him in the leg what cold-blooded
Shane he makes his escape while the
zombies are eating him and he gets back
he's like uh yeah that other guy didn't
make it it was an accident and then he
shaves his head to reflect his new
badass style so they do the operation
and it goes fine the kid survives he
gets a hat now the rest of the group
comes up to the farm and the guys like
look you can't only stay here for a
little bit like I can't host all of you
but then Rick makes an impassioned
speech about letting em stay and he
agrees to let him stay they go to the
well to get some water but it's like no
hood drink that water there's a zombie
in the well as they send agent did Glen
down to go get him out but it is a
mishap and he almost dies but he's fine
but when they pull the zombie out gross
the wells definitely contaminated now so
farmer Herschel's got this hot daughter
Maggie and she and Glen go into town to
get some stuff Lori gave dawn a special
mission they pick up a pregnancy test
scandalous and he tries to hide it when
he catches her he's I'm like oh it's
just getting some condoms and she's like
ah I like a man who's forward let's get
it on so Larry takes the pregnancy test
yes she is pregnant it's awkward because
she was hooking up with Shane before but
she's been hooking up with Rick since so
she doesn't know who the baby is so she
takes him Plan B pills but then she
can't go through with it she throws him
up and she's like hey Rick look I'm
pregnant also he was hooking up with
Shane while I thought you were dead and
he's like man well I guess I understand
you know I was dead anyway the search
continues for Sophia they like leave
this note on the car and stuff and
they're looking around Darrell finds her
doll at one point and he also like falls
off his horse like an idiot and get
stabbed by one of his own arrows anyway
he's fine though we pulled some Rambo
stuff he's okay but when he comes back
he's all dirty sort of looks like a
zombie so they shoot him and Rios up on
the roof there and I luckily she's a bad
shot she just grazed he's okay it's like
okay everyone get some gun safety
lessons and also some accuracy lessons I
entry is pretty good so Shane takes her
for the advanced course but you can't
hit a moving target but later she's out
with him and she gets to manages to do
it and so that I she's like oh man that
actually turns me on so she and Shane
hook up speaking of hooking up Maggie's
like hey Glen let's get it on later he's
like yeah girl meet me in the bar and
after dark but unfortunately it's
infested with zombies what she's like
yeah the barns actually a really bad
place so Glen tells the group that
Herschel's hiding zombies in his barn
which makes Maggie mad because he
couldn't keep her secret but she
forgives him in like five seconds now
the rest of the group wants to go in and
kill the zombies but Rick's like hold on
let me talk to her shal this is his
house and Hurst is like yeah these
people are just sick I'll take care of
my like to go find him in the river and
bring them back so you know eventually
you can cure him Shane wants to kill the
zombies anyway because he believes
security's most important in Rick's like
no we should respect our hosts wishes
and this old guys like kill Shane I
don't trust you at all so he goes to
hide the guns in the woods but Shane
tracks him down and he's like hey old
man give me these guns they have sort of
a standoff but he's like what you're
gonna shoot me it's like no I'm not
gonna shoot you Shane so she's like all
right I've got the guns we're killing
the zombies and these two get back just
then with some new ones and change like
nope this is not happening we're gonna
just kill him he opens up the barn and
they shoot them all down and Sophie is
in there too she was a zombie this whole
time and that makes her mom really sad
and Rick's like well I guess we got to
put her down
boom Hershel super sad because some of
the zombies were his family and friends
and he remembers he has a drinking
problem he goes down to the bar in town
and rick has to come and get him but
then these two random guys from Philly
show up and they're real cool for a few
minutes but as tends to happen things
get awkward and they have to have a
shootout Rick is the best dose of he
wins and then their friends come and
it's like hey I'm sorry we had to kill
your friends so they start shooting at
them - who's one kid was on the roof but
he like hurts his leg on the way down so
his friends leave him behind Rick's like
hey we can't just leave you here are we
gonna get your leg off the thing and
bring you home so they bring them home
they fix his leg they decide they're
gonna drive him out somewhere and leave
them because they can't like you know
trust him to happy in their group but
then he's like you know guys honestly if
you leave me here you're just killing me
and Shane's like yeah you're right we
should just shoot you in the head right
now
and Rick's like no we've already talked
about this ah now Shane's still been
hitting on Lauri every chance he gets
and Rick had to be like yo bro stop
hitting on my wife so finally the
emotions bubble up and these two fight
it out but then some zombies come and
Rick pulls out dimly from Lord of the
Rings where they'll fall
top of him and then Shane runs into the
school bus but he's trapped in there
he's totally dead
and this gets like yo cleric let's just
leave him and Rick's like fine we'll get
out of here and she's like no Rick you
were my best friend but then Rick comes
back to save him he shoots the zombies
and they'll he grabs him and they get
out of there Rick's like okay we fought
it out man we cool now and she's like
yeah we're cool meanwhile Herschel's got
another hot daughter named Beth and
she's super depressed so she tries to
kill herself luckily her sister finds
her in time and she like stalks her and
just staying alive anyway Rick's like
yeah Shane's right we probably got to
kill this kid for our own safety and
this old dudes like hey let's at least
have a vote on it so they have a little
vote and old dude makes an impassioned
speech about retaining the morality but
it falls on deaf ears everyone's like
yeah let's just kill him and so they're
about to do it but then Karl walks in
he's like yeah I do it dad and Rick's
like ah man I can't kill him in front my
son so it's like hey we're not gonna
kill him let's tell the old ooo the good
news but old dude fines a zombie and he
gets attacked died he's totally dead so
Shangri is up to the prisoner and he
releases him he's like I'm sick of this
group bring me to your group of badass
dudes and the kids like yeah that'll be
cool you can join us it'll be fun but
then he goes behind the tree and snaps
his neck he smashes his face against the
tree to make it look like they had a
fight he goes back to tuck off prisoner
escape so they go to find him they
decide to split up these two find the
prisoner turned into a zombie so they
take him out but it's like ah he has no
bikes that's weird Shane brings Rick
into this field in the middle of nowhere
and Rick's like huh we're about to have
an old-fashioned duel aren't we but
Rick's like yo bro you were my best
friend I'm not gonna shoot you I'm gonna
stab you oh yeah he has to take that
shame he's like I you have a best friend
why'd you make me do this so Shane is
dead and then just then Karl comes super
awkwardly and Shane comes back to life
what so karl has to take him out it's
like he was a bit either what's going on
and unfortunately a herd of zombies was
nearby they hear the shot so they're
coming down to the farm they're running
around with guns now shooting them and
Rick and Karla to hide in the barn they
like loaded up with gasoline and dropped
the match they burn Ali's Ami's II I
take that meanwhile blonde daughter's
mom gets eaten by zombies and her
boyfriend gets eaten - sucks for her and
Hershel is like oh this is my farm I'm
gonna go down with the ship but then
it's like no it's crazy come on with us
and the farm is totally overrun Andrea
gets left behind though so she has to
fend for herself she's doing okay for a
while until eventually she's not but
then slice what a katana with she's got
zombies chained to her who is this
badass person the rest of the group
meets up back on the highway at Daryl's
like hey that guy back there didn't have
a bite but he turned anyway what's going
on Rick has to share the secret that
he's kept since the doctor at the CDC
told him in season 1 everyone's infected
doesn't matter if you get bit or not you
still turned into a zombie when you die
so that's bad news so the group's all
arguing about what to do next and Rick's
like hey you know what get out of here
if you want but if you're staying this
isn't a democracy anymore
it's a rick tater ship and everyone
seems generally okay
that and then it pans out there's a
prison nearby and that's how season two
comes to an end